Patch 446 (#467)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/iam/root-account-in-use.md

| **Recommended Action** | Create IAM users with appropriate group-level permissions for account access. Create an MFA token for the root account, and store its password and token generation QR codes in a secure place. |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for IAM. </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step2.png"/>
3. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Credential report". Click on the "Download Report" button to download a report that lists all your account's users and the status of their various credentials. </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step3.png"/>
4. Open the downloaded credentials report and check the "password_last_used_date" column for the root account. If the timestamp value is recorded within the last 7 days the above credentials have been used to access the AWS account.</br>

> 5. Repeat steps number 2 - 4 for other AWS accounts.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Repeat step number 2 - 4 for other AWS accounts.</br>
```

13. On the "Review" page click on the "Create user" button to create the new user.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step13.png"/>
14. To assign MFA to new IAM user click on the "User name" column under the "Users" page.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step14.png"/>
15. Click on the "Security Credentials" tab at the menu and check the option for "Assigned MFA device".</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step15.png"/>
16. Click on the "Manage" option to assign the "MFA device" of the choice. Click on the "Virtual MFA device" and click on "Continue". </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step16.png"/>
17. Now install the AWS MFA compatible application on mobile device or computer. Once the application is installed click on the "Show QR code" and scan the code with pre-installed application.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step17.png"/>
18. Enter two consecutive MFA codes generated from application in "MFA code 1" and "MFA code 2" and click on the "Assign MFA" button.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step18.png"/>

> 19. On successful setup will get the following message "You have successfully assigned virtual MFA". </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step19.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
19. On successful setup, following message "You have successfully assigned virtual MFA" will appear. </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/root-account-in-use/step19.png"/>
```
